#H1MyOpenMath

MyOpenMath is open source educational software free to use by students and teachers, and it also links with open source textbooks.  This software is designed to be an open source and free alternative to paid math lab software and textbooks.  
	When comparing MyOpenMath to other software, like Person’s MyMathLab, when it comes to price and budget, it saves the school or students about $120 per person per year for the program alone.  When you factor in the textbook that goes along with it that is also open source, it saves the school or student about $250 per student.  That is $250 per student that can be put back into other programs or directed to other needs of the student.  That could be $5,000 of savings for one semester for the school.   
	When it comes to curriculum, MyOpenMath is nearly identical to its for profit counterparts.  Both of the programs offers very similar learning options including quizzes, tests, tutorials, lecture videos, and homework solutions.  They are both based off of textbooks with the same material teaching the same concepts. The one main difference is that with MyOpenMath, the instructor can create the content instead of it all being included by the software, this adds personalization for each specific class or teacher.  
	In general the programs are similar and equally as useful in the education system.  The MyOpenMath program is very simple to use and seems to have a lower learning curve for students and instructors to overcome.  Overall the one main reason to use MyOpenMath is because of how much money will be saved by using this free service. 
